Preserve response body on api requests with XML response types. (#4180)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixes broken functions:config:clone command (#4173).
- Fixes issue where `auth:import` would fail when reading a JSON file. (#4157)
- Fixes issue where custom claims added in Auth Emulator UI was not properly shown.

> - Improve handling api requests with XML responses (#4180).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improves handling of api requests with XML responses (#4180).
```
